update conversation > tools page with more information / examples (#8113)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/ai/conversation/tools/index.mdx

}

Tools allow LLMs to query information to respond with current and relevant information. They are invoked only if the LLM requests to use one based on the user's message and the tool's description.

> There are a few different ways to define LLM tools in the Amplify AI kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three ways to define LLM tools in the Amplify AI kit.
```

a few feels too vague for documentation.

Author: There are actually four 🙈 
The last one is client tools. Let's update this to four when we add the client tool docs.

1. Model tools
2. Query tools
3. Lambda tools

> The easiest way to define tools for your conversation route is with `a.ai.dataTool()` for data models and custom queries in your data schema. When you define a tool for a conversation route, Amplify takes care of the heavy lifting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to define tools for your conversation route is by using `a.ai.dataTool()` data tool. Data tools can use a model generated list query or a custom query. 

Data tools are used with data models and custom queries in your data schema alongside with Amplify automatically handling the complex operations such as generating appropriate prompts, executing necessary database queries, and formatting results for the AI to utilize.
```

IMO this stil needed to be deeper. I rewrote but I am not sure about it.

* **Describing the tools to the LLM:** Each tool definition is an Amplify model query or custom query that is defined in the schema. Amplify knows the input parameters needed for that tool and describes them to the LLM.
* **Invoking the tool with the right parameters:** After the LLM requests to use a tool with necessary input parameters, the conversation handler Lambda function invokes the tool, returns the result to the LLM, and continues the conversation.
* **Maintaining the caller identity and authorization:** Through tools, the LLM can only access data that the application user has access to. When the LLM requests to invoke a tool, we will call it with the user's identity. For example, if the LLM wanted to invoke a query to list Todos, it would only return the todos that user has access to.

## Model tools

> You can give the LLM access to your data models by referencing them in an `a.ai.dataTool()` with a reference to a model in your data schema. This requires that the model uses at least one of the following authorization strategies:

Reviewer: We are missing a sentence about "Model tools". What I look for is something around "Model tools are xxxxx"
